Update docs for Cloud Run with new beta deploy command (#103)
GoogleCloudPlatform/functions-framework-dart: docs/quick-starts/03-quick-start-cloud-run.md

Install and configure [gcloud].

If you need help installing or configuring `gcloud` on your machine, see
[Quickstart: Getting started with Cloud SDK][quickstart]. Don't forget to run
the `gcloud auth login` command to authenticate your terminal.

> Note: `gcloud` is preinstalled in [Cloud Shell].

### Set your gcloud project

Update your `gcloud` configuration to use your project ID.

```shell
$ gcloud config set core/project <PROJECT-ID>
Updated property [core/project].
```

## Get a copy of the `hello` example

Clone this repo or download a [zip] archive and extract the contents. Change
directory to `examples/hello`.

## Build and deploy with a single command

> The next two sections cover two commands that can be replaced with a single

Reviewer: Maybe something like

```suggestion
The next two sections cover one command (now in beta) that can replace two commands.
```

Author: Hmm that's not better either, but agree this should and can be reworded to read more smoothly. Gimme a moment...

Author: How's this?
